In this lesson, we discussed the architecture of a Blockchain,
and then use this to inform how we planned and designed a Blockchain solution.
So, to wrap up this concept,
we covered an overview of the Blockchain architecture,
focusing on the evolution of the web from web 1.0 to 2.0 to 3.0.
As well as what architectural changes need to happen in order
to advance the Web from Web 2.0 to 3.0.
Then we dove into planning by using UML to model the activity,
sequence and state changes,
in our pet shop simple business to consumer example.
You took this information and created
UML diagrams of your own for a simple supply chain solution.
Using this information, we created our data model diagram
to draft the relationships amongst the smart contracts that we'll be building.
Lastly, we ask questions about the network, performance,
business logic and consensus,
to help us decide how to narrow down these choices for a platform and database solution.